# Data Preparation & Workflow Management## <IMPORTANT!>## Contributors/replicators instructions### The Git Workflow**Step 1: Git Bash / Clone**Navigate on your computer to the directory where you want to store the git repository,- Open git bash- cd [folder] --> cd [folder] --> etc. OR go right-click in the folder and choose "git bash"- git clone https://github.com/gijsmoonen/investigating-airbnb-group-06.git**Step 2: Git Branch**The assignee should create a new branch using,- git branch [branch-name]The branch-name always use the following convention *issue#XX-description*, where XX is the GitHub issue number (e.g. issue#07) and description is a version of the issue title (e.g. update-readme-instructions). Descriptions are used to give an indication of the problem you are working on. In this example, the full branch-name will be *issue#07-update-readme-instructions*. Then,- git checkout [branch-name] to switch from branch. With,- git branchchecks in which branch you are. All commits related to an issue should be made to the issue branch. Commits must have a commit message which describes what is happening. Be as specific as possible. For example, adding a figure to the analysis code should be "added robustness figure to analysis", instead of "modified analysis code". **Step 3: Git Workflow**When working on the project, think in which subdirectory in de *src* folder the Rscript should be. Scripts that load and transform the data should be in the *data-preparation* folder and scripts for linear regression or any other kind of analysis or plots, should be in the *analysis* folder. Then use the following command in Git Bash,- git status- git add [file_name]- git commit -m [commit_message]- git push**Step 4: Pull request / Merge****Exceptions to the Standard Workflow**You may skip the branch/merge steps and just commit directly to main branch if the following criteria are met (so no issue branch), - The issue is small in scope and will involve no more than a few commits- No one else is likely to be working on the same content at the same time- All commits follow complete runs of relevant built scripts (e.g., make.py)## Research # MotivationThe main objective of this study is to analyze the impact of the Amsterdam Dance event, which is a yearly music festival active from 13th to 17th of October. A vast amount of domestic and international travelers come to the city to enjoy this event. Staying in an Airbnb is a viable option for guests who don't live in or nearby the city.# Analysis description**Two analyses are planned for this project****#analysis 1****Check the correlation between ADE and the amount of reviews left by guests**The amount of reviews can be retrieved from the dataset. An event such as ADE might boost the motivation to leave a review, which can be further investigated. The reviews can be left by guests of Airbnb up to 2 weeks after the end day of the stay. For this reason, the main time period measured against standardized data has been two weeks after the last date of the event.**#analysis 2****Make a price prediction in a linear regression model**Right now, few prices can be retrieved from the dataset, as the data provider has fetched all the rates for a few dates in the year. Different columms such as the location, room type, and the review amount etc. could have impact on the price. To make a prediction for the prices of rooms throughout the city for next year's event, a regression analysis is run over these variables. 